Add more plugins and modules (#156)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

- [godotcord](https://github.com/drachenfrucht1/godotcord) - A wrapper for the [Discord Game SDK](https://discord.com/developers/docs/game-sdk/sdk-starter-guide).
- [godot-apple-id](https://github.com/Wild-Pluto/godot-apple-id) - Module for sign in with Apple in Godot.

> - [Godot-Slicer](https://github.com/cj-dimaggio/godot-slicer) - A port of [Ezy-Slicer](https://github.com/DavidArayan/ezy-slice) for the Godot game engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Godot-Slicer](https://github.com/cj-dimaggio/godot-slicer) - A port of [Ezy-Slicer](https://github.com/DavidArayan/ezy-slice) for Godot.
```

#### Godot 3.2

- [Cartographer](https://github.com/awkwardpolygons/cartographer) - Heightmap-based 3D terrain editor.

> - [Code Snapshot](https://github.com/fenix-hub/godot-engine.code-snapshot) - A plugin for Godot Engine which will let you take beautified snapshots of your code within the Editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Code Snapshot](https://github.com/fenix-hub/godot-engine.code-snapshot) - A plugin which lets you take beautified snapshots of your code within the editor.
```

- [Delaunator GDScript](https://github.com/hiulit/Delaunator-GDScript) - A GDScript library for Delaunay triangulation of 2D points.

> - [Dialogic](https://github.com/coppolaemilio/dialogic) - Create dialogs, characters and scenes to display conversations in your Godot games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dialogic](https://github.com/coppolaemilio/dialogic) - Create dialogs, characters and scenes to display conversations.
```

- [MDFramework](https://github.com/DoubleDeez/MDFramework) - A C# multiplayer framework with additional tools (Mono).
- [Mitigate-IK](https://github.com/Kylogias/godot-mitigate-ik) - Mitigates the scaling effects of SkeletonIK.
- [NI mate Motion Capture](https://github.com/hoontee/godot-ni-mate-motion-capture) - Animate Skeletons with a Microsoft Kinect sensor.

> - [NativeLib](https://github.com/DrMoriarty/nativelib) - NativeLib is a plugin management system for Godot engine. It designed to easy operate with native libraries for iOS/Android. Also it takes care about plugin dependencies and provides hasslefree native libs updating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [NativeLib](https://github.com/DrMoriarty/nativelib) - Plugin management system designed to easily operate with native libraries for iOS/Android. It also takes care about plugin dependencies and provides hassle-free native libs updating.
```

- [Qodot](https://github.com/Shfty/qodot-plugin) - Quake `.map` file support for Godot. Lets you use [TrenchBroom](https://kristianduske.com/trenchbroom/) for level design.

> - [Scatter](https://github.com/HungryProton/scatter) - Godot engine addon to randomly fill an area with props or other scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Scatter](https://github.com/HungryProton/scatter) - Randomly fill an area with props or other scenes.
```
